Gwenevere Abriel: Sarah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a continuation of CERN is psycho social
Gwenevere Abriel: Go start with crack cocaine history. Try to transcribe transcribed verbatim. I'm not sure how much energy. I've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Good evening, or wherever you are in the afternoon.
Saraniah Aston: We made it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Made it. I'm going to dive right in. So that
Gwenevere Abriel: We can get this answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Excellent, where we left off, was I was asking you about your substance history. We had left off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Overdose age 12 with alcohol and British with places psychiatric department us you scale the creation of a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think I wrote down. Oh no. When was your last use of
Gwenevere Abriel: farfetch what
Saraniah Aston: That was it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was the last guy that was it. Okay, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so whatever how
Gwenevere Abriel: Many dials a ping
Saraniah Aston: Him on I take la added for two milligrams three times a day. Yeah, I got
Gwenevere Abriel: My bad. Alright, we are ready to hear a little bit of history of cocaine maybe first use of powder cocaine.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, my first time trying to name.
Saraniah Aston: Let's see. I'd say 19 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the progression from their
Saraniah Aston: Party drug here and they're not really much of a fan. I would never really was.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lifetime. There's so many
Saraniah Aston: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lifetime use, how many times
Saraniah Aston: I'm probably like 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it last juice, along with long ago. Do you think
Saraniah Aston: Oh gosh, say, oh, well,
Saraniah Aston: My birthday five years.
Saraniah Aston: Five years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. And any experimentation with crack
Saraniah Aston: No, never.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay to nice like 10 years to crack cocaine. What about hallucinogens or whippets
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: huffing
Saraniah Aston: That known. No, I never, I never have anything. I'm with this. Yeah, when I was a kid, when I was like, you know, a 16 1718
Saraniah Aston: There were parties where there would be nicer socks. I mean, so balloons and of course there were with this. And I did that, like a handful of times
Saraniah Aston: Or five times lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how about mushrooms.
Saraniah Aston: Twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Asia first shoes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And okay, that's the first one. And what about the second time.
Saraniah Aston: The second time 24
Gwenevere Abriel: And you try to think, was it acid that something went sideways or PCP something
Saraniah Aston: Never PCP LSD.
Saraniah Aston: Absolutely. When I was six years old, I took I had taken plenty of us before but on occasion I took it and I it was bad. It was very bad day triggered my anxiety disorder and my OCD and PTSD. So, yeah.
Saraniah Aston: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you first start
Gwenevere Abriel: LSD. What age was it 16 years before that.
Saraniah Aston: Were 14 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And how often have you done it after trying to 14
Saraniah Aston: Probably all together. I see by like
Saraniah Aston: 15 pounds.
And if there are separate.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the bad episode was at a 16
Saraniah Aston: Age 16 which was the last time that I that I did that. Okay. And that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was okay 15 times lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I miss anything.
Saraniah Aston: Um, did you get my like antidepressant and I don't know if that's important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we're going to go into that I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of on that wreck level like recreational level stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's move on to treatment history when it's just not getting into mental health, depression, any of that. But just zeroing in on
Gwenevere Abriel: Just substance use treatment. What was the age that you first had treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what level of care was that
Saraniah Aston: Hospitalization
Saraniah Aston: And for depression actually and anxiety, but I was also
Saraniah Aston: Just active with all kinds of drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long did you stay
Saraniah Aston: And that one. Sometimes I get them confused because there's quite a few, but this was a it was 30 days as well. Okay, and then another one at 17 which was also 30 days.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I am going to be going into another section which is differentiated into sort of the psychiatric let's let's see if we can pull them apart. Let me, let me go to come about it this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's move away from hospitalization for a moment. Let's go to. Have you ever been in residential substance abuse treatment.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, no.
Saraniah Aston: I've been in rehab.
Saraniah Aston: But no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, how you differentiate rehab from residential treatment.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I don't really know much about it actually. I just know that people go from
Saraniah Aston: Often to go from rehab.
Saraniah Aston: And then they continue their recovery in residential treatment with
Saraniah Aston: With care from doctors and groups and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I, I
Gwenevere Abriel: I let's, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about were you sleeping overnight in a facility and what you're labeling rehab.
Saraniah Aston: If you say okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're probably let's use this word residential as rehab. Let's use a as if we're speaking the same thing because my guess is, we are in there where they then kind of having groups and then there'd be times when you meet individually with a therapist and you get medication and
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Saraniah Aston: It was it was UCLA. Again, it was, it was there a there was a rehab program. And yes, I got my my psychiatric meds.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, it was a psychiatric and a detox.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are detoxing from what they're
Saraniah Aston: At that I'm detoxing from painkillers.
Gwenevere Abriel: That what year was that
Saraniah Aston: I'm not sure I don't remember. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Yeah. It's starting. It's getting into the, I don't remember I'm getting a little lost in here. So now I'm not sure this UCLA piece. I know we've got one at age 15 we've got 30 days and then there's something happened at 17
Saraniah Aston: Mom.
Saraniah Aston: When was I hospitalized. You tell me please.
Saraniah Aston: For when was it. When did I go to rehab.
Saraniah Aston: The second time.
Saraniah Aston: 17
Saraniah Aston: That was shepherd fret. That wasn't UCLA.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: The it was shepherd Pratt in Baltimore not UCLA. I'm sorry. I was 17. How long were you there 30 days, got it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, and then
Saraniah Aston: I'm sorry if you if I have to say this. I apologize if you get lost, but
Saraniah Aston: I didn't come here with any, you know, I didn't know that I was going to need to give every detail of my history. So I don't have it on backup in my head I have it written down somewhere, but I just don't have all the information readily available in my memory bank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very few people do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. So then we have
Gwenevere Abriel: can't quite tell you CLA if we're thinking maybe that was age seven teen you have it. Can you guess where was that 15
Saraniah Aston: I'm
Saraniah Aston: The UCLA was born low one when I was younger.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Since they kind of overlap the mental health and substance use, it sounds like, why don't we go with, and I'll pull them apart. How many times you think you've been hospitalized. Is it. You said a few times. You think it's more than 345 like what are we thinking
Saraniah Aston: It's about four times four times. Got it, my lifetime, four times. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now kind of moving into you know that after care notion of intensive outpatient intensive outpatient often looks like three hours a day, sometimes three days a week. It's intense get to stay in your own bed and go home.
But
Saraniah Aston: Once
Saraniah Aston: You feel a little still at the UCLA. They did their outpatient program for adolescence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. How long do you, how many months or years without loss. If you had to guess.
Saraniah Aston: I went for two weeks and then I stopped going
Saraniah Aston: Because you
Gwenevere Abriel: felt better or it wasn't a good fit or kind of went back to us and
Saraniah Aston: That was very rebellious and I just didn't care to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright. Cool. Any other outpatient treatment.
Saraniah Aston: Just that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So back, way back then at 15
Saraniah Aston: Years. I've never had another outpatient
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, not until right now.
Saraniah Aston: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And let's see what else
Gwenevere Abriel: Covered I got them all thrown off here with the substance before I think we've covered it. We've covered some treatment. We've got a little bit of history with other substances.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that covers it. Let's go to the next section next section. This one straight, straight psychiatric stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like they've got a diagnosis that that you've been assigned. So for example, I thought I heard a little something PTSD. I heard obsessive compulsive disorder. Think what else have have people died.
Saraniah Aston: What what I've been diagnosed with
Saraniah Aston: Yeah okay, I've been diagnosed with an MD major depressive disorder.
Saraniah Aston: OCD.
Saraniah Aston: Attention Deficit Disorder.
Saraniah Aston: PTSD.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: I think that's it. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: That's a disorder that one's important
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. You mentioned it earlier. I'm going to
Get
Her for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do. And you said it was ADHD wasn't just add
Saraniah Aston: No, no, it's add, I think it's at Steve, but I still not sure yet. I haven't tested gotten that tips to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Any schizophrenia on either maternal or paternal side of your family history in there.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any psychotic disorder in your family history anyone try to kill themselves any suicide. History
Back. Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever heard voices.
Saraniah Aston: No. Yes.
Saraniah Aston: I was hospitalized.
Saraniah Aston: In Israel, and I just meant to tell you that there is a fifth time I completely forgot about which is the last time when I was in Israel that I was hospitalized.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were hospitalized there.
Saraniah Aston: Yes, I completely forgot to tell you about that.
Saraniah Aston: No worries.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is mostly just for my eyes. Anyway, okay, it meets the criteria for the accreditation, but I'm probably the only one little will be referencing it. Okay, so don't worry about that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you I know it just came to you. Do you know if you were there overnight three days or an extended stay in that hospital.
Saraniah Aston: I was seven days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that for trying to hurt yourself or a psychotic episode or what do you think it was, I
Saraniah Aston: Had a psychotic break
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes, because this is Telehealth. There's going to be like, I'll start to hear something and then you and I will overlap as we're talking so it definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, just keep that in mind. If it seems like I'm asking right on top of something you're answering. I do apologize. It's just part of the way telemedicine is
Saraniah Aston: Not attended
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: The history. Have you ever sort of had the the auditory hallucinations, where you heard voices. Other people couldn't hear. Was that part of your history.
Saraniah Aston: I absolutely when I had a psychotic break it did in 2017 jet February.
Saraniah Aston: 2017
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it only auditory or was it tactile wasn't any
Saraniah Aston: It was the complete a complete
Saraniah Aston: psychotic break it was complete psychosis.
Saraniah Aston: Visual
Saraniah Aston: And very physical
Saraniah Aston: shape a little bit more
Number.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most recent hospitalization was about five years ago.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I was in February 2017
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: As early as you can remember sort of walking through
Gwenevere Abriel: That first time you may have had suicidal thoughts. Do you remember the earliest that you had them.
Saraniah Aston: My earliest probably wrote 12 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you take action. Did you plan anything. Did you want to die and you carried it out.
Saraniah Aston: Um, no. I was told that I was. But, uh, no. I don't believe so. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Like when I was 12 years old is when I had the alcohol poisoning and was I was apparently they told me that I was given up our visual it. I don't remember taking it. So then they said that that's
Saraniah Aston: Basically me saying that I'm want to kill myself.
Saraniah Aston: Which I really don't feel like they did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So, but the right way can set that aside to I didn't go into, I don't remember going into it with the intent of ending my life. You don't remember that piece of
Saraniah Aston: It. I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotcha. And how about after that. Were there times where you kind of do remember I planned it I took action.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. No other suicide attempts.
Saraniah Aston: I've never know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay client denies additional suicide attempts. Any other ideation. Does it come up here and there, though, where you want to hurt yourself.
Saraniah Aston: I'm not anymore. I was younger. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So nothing with a lot here.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you do, would you tell me so I can help.
Saraniah Aston: Sure, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. That would be good. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then also homicidal ideation. Have you ever had thoughts, where you wanted to kill someone, you put together a plan and carry it out or we're thinking about it.
Saraniah Aston: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tonight's lifetime homicidal ideation thought intent plan action.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about self injury. A lot of people do that. They cut. They burn to relieve right pain sort of psychological pain. Has that ever been a part of what you do.
Saraniah Aston: You know, I've never been one of move
Gwenevere Abriel: Lifetime self interest behavior.
What else they have in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get into medications and you've mentioned some it's just in a different section and no. No one. No one, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Added them taking two milligrams three times a day that when I've got and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Klonopin
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's what I
Saraniah Aston: Prescribe but I don't take that usually, usually only take two milligrams twice a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you end up, typically what helps what amount seemed it seems to help
Saraniah Aston: I'm two milligrams twice a day right now is is doing really well.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you typically take
Saraniah Aston: I am actually right now, within the last 30 days.
Saraniah Aston: I would say about six or seven days. I take two milligrams
Saraniah Aston: Okay, some days if I'm really anxious, I will take three milligrams two milligrams three times a day.
Saraniah Aston: As I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other psychotropic medications that you are prescribed both either that you're taking it, or you're not. But right now, you're prescribed it. Are you prescribed additional psychiatric medication.
Saraniah Aston: Is I'm prescribe Paxil
Saraniah Aston: Paxil yes I'm Gabba Penton
Saraniah Aston: Hydrazine
Saraniah Aston: And actually my psychiatry said I don't need to take gather pension and hydroxyl anymore. So I'm done with those actually as of yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Axle
Saraniah Aston: Know, Paxil and taking
Gwenevere Abriel: You are going to continue to take that
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this. I just seemed like a good fit for you. Sometimes that makes a difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so glad for you, makes me happy man it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like, I want to know the name so I can refer
Great.
Saraniah Aston: It'll come to me, it'll come back to me. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not the Joe What waggle
Saraniah Aston: Nurse outside your leg. Oh, no.
Saraniah Aston: My family doctor is Dr. Ski
Saraniah Aston: And this one is mom.
Saraniah Aston: What's his name.
Saraniah Aston: Dr. Burke woods. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got the medication. Okay, I think we're ready for the next section. They've gone live got
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you adopted.
Saraniah Aston: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm assuming your mother's living. I think that's who you're calling out to
Gwenevere Abriel: The questions I'm going to ask her. Be very, very similar. Each time, but for different people. So I'll be asking about psychiatric history medical history and quality relationships. There's a neat list.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I can pull up and you can look at it with me for that one. But any psychiatric history with mom or substance use.
Saraniah Aston: My mom's history.
Saraniah Aston: Um, she suffers from depression and anxiety disorder. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Any alcohol.
Saraniah Aston: And she also has a chronic pain patient
Saraniah Aston: No Alcohol. She does not drink.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said earlier, no suicide attempts on her her lineage on her side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any medical Nolan
Gwenevere Abriel: On mom's side.
Saraniah Aston: Chronic pain, maybe has something to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what's the chronic
Saraniah Aston: Pain. What's the pain.
Saraniah Aston: Wait, wait.
Saraniah Aston: She does have this one I remember
Saraniah Aston: She has something called degenerative disc disorder.
Saraniah Aston: But she's getting surgery for that. So that'll be good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. And now quality relationship. I'm going to show you some words because most people just think oh it's good or it's bad or whatever. But there's some interesting words that we can look at. So let's look at these together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Loops. Where is it, thank god ok adequate close consistent does that capture the quality at all. We can take as many or as little as you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can read them. If it's too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tiny because if you're on a phone. They can be pretty small.
Gwenevere Abriel: So adequate closest system.
In
Gwenevere Abriel: Functional intimate loving
Saraniah Aston: Reliable reward.
Saraniah Aston: All of the above.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Adequate close consistent fulfilling functional intimate loving reliable rewarding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Satisfying stable supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you just muted yourself some typically it gets muted when someone's calling. So you may want to hit that mute button because you're muted right now.
Saraniah Aston: All right, got it. Sorry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it'll happen many times in the course of treatment. I'm used to it. Okay, how about some of these words. Can you see them.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Abusive
Gwenevere Abriel: Of revenge or boring.
Saraniah Aston: A
Gwenevere Abriel: Chaotic controlling or distant
Gwenevere Abriel: No exploitive fragile inconsistent.
Gwenevere Abriel: No neglectful parasitic punishing
Saraniah Aston: No, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dramatic unfaithful unhappy, any of those
Gwenevere Abriel: unsatisfying and supportive
Saraniah Aston: Of those negative one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you and
Gwenevere Abriel: Your father living or deceased.
Saraniah Aston: Living
Gwenevere Abriel: same types of questions. Are you aware of any substance use history mental illness physical medical illness.
Saraniah Aston: He's an alcoholic and he suffers from anxiety disorder and PTSD and depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any medical illness that you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality of relationship adequate close consistent any of those
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Abusive avoidant or boring.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chaotic controlling
Saraniah Aston: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Distant exploitive or fragile.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: neglectful parasitic or punishing
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay stale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stale
I can skip it if it
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Saraniah Aston: Someone
Gwenevere Abriel: unfaithful unhappy unhealthy unsatisfying, any of those guys.
Saraniah Aston: unsatisfying.
Saraniah Aston: Unsatisfied
Saraniah Aston: Okay, gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the quality between the two. So mother and father
Gwenevere Abriel: I am asked you to just abstain from smoking during the therapy if you could, much like you'd be in a in an office.
We would maybe hold off on the smoking.
Gwenevere Abriel: The relationship between your father.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember those words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it
Saraniah Aston: Was I can figure it out. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is the same list a positive one, like with it, where they close and loving or, were there times it's more like it met that neglectful that abusive kind of relationship between the two.
Saraniah Aston: And emotionally
Saraniah Aston: Father. My father was recently another
Gwenevere Abriel: Abusive
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have siblings.
Saraniah Aston: Yes, I have a brother and older brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much older.
Saraniah Aston: He is four years older than me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the quality of relationship.
Saraniah Aston: barely existed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Not close any so since user mental health presentation with him.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Which
Saraniah Aston: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but you just like it's there. Okay, so there's there's mental health and substance but not sure
All right, non existent.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else one brother. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about. Have you ever been married
Saraniah Aston: Uh huh. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you still married
Saraniah Aston: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, when we married and when did it in
Saraniah Aston: 2009 to
Gwenevere Abriel: 2015 2015 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's still living.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Live in this country.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which country does he live in
Saraniah Aston: Israel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know if he has a diagnosis of any mental illness or substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: The quality of relationship, remember some of those words, some of them were kind of positive. Some of them were negative, were they more than negative or more. The positive
Saraniah Aston: Um, it varies. I mean, the five years with changed. So it was positive and negative at times. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll pull that list up, was it ever abusive chaotic controlling or
Saraniah Aston: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about some of those positive words like functional or intimate or loving
Saraniah Aston: Yes. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not abusive and not neglectful
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Okay.
Good, so
Gwenevere Abriel: How about you doing great or literally almost done. Okay, hang in there. I know this is not a fun one to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, okay, where were you born in
California
Gwenevere Abriel: The city.
Saraniah Aston: I'm sending. Oh no, orange, orange, I think.
Saraniah Aston: Orange.
Gwenevere Abriel: County. So you're saying Santa Ana is the city. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When your mother was pregnant with you. Do you remember if there was a normal pregnancy forceps prolonged Premature delivery anything like normal. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when she described sort of your development was it delayed or everything kind of on time crawling.
Saraniah Aston: On time. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And birth order we already know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay temperament. Do you believe
Gwenevere Abriel: When your parents described you were you anxious easy or cranky is a little one.
Saraniah Aston: Easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: cuddly extrovert fun
Saraniah Aston: Not extrovert funny totally sure yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So gonna try again. I think our audio broke up a little bit, where you fussy F U. S. S. Why fussy. Like you could never settle never quite feel just right.
Saraniah Aston: No, I wasn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: But happy we're thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: introvert or overactive
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Sad shy or withdrawn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And did you have any fears.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do me a favor and hit the audio. One more time. Something just changed. I could barely hear you.
Saraniah Aston: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it snaps out of it. Once we hit
Audio
Saraniah Aston: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, something's weird. It sounds almost like you're talking to a little can something changed. Oh, man. We're so close, but this stuff's really important. I want to be able to get an accurate history here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna try
Saraniah Aston: I don't know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this. I'm log out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And log right back in.
Saraniah Aston: I'll stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever, just like out they
Gwenevere Abriel: usually wake up.
Gwenevere Abriel: To sort of reset.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright soundcheck test test test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, we're back to normal. Yeah, sometimes that reset that does the trick. Let's persevere any
Gwenevere Abriel: nightmares or night terrors, when you were little.
Saraniah Aston: Um, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any rocking are repetitive behaviors, when you were a little. So did any of that compulsive stuff was going on when you're very young.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: And going over to school, did you like school did you have language listening and attention problems or was it like a good place for you to be
Saraniah Aston: Oh no, I didn't like school I had attention problems. Uh huh, and attention. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there a talking excessively as well.
Saraniah Aston: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no math problems or yes not
Saraniah Aston: Yes, math problems. Definitely. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: hyperactive.
Saraniah Aston: I'm not sure.
Saraniah Aston: Not sure. I don't know. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anybody ever say that you have dyslexia use that
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's move on.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were in school. Do you remember having few friends close friends, many friends or kind of teased by friends or something else.
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Saraniah Aston: A few friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: And parents behavior. Did they often argue in front of you.
Saraniah Aston: Know,
Saraniah Aston: In private. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever get violent in private.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you ever grounded.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a belt.
Saraniah Aston: I think once
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a fist.
Saraniah Aston: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Slapped or spanked
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you hit with anything else, sort of, is that corporal punishment.
Saraniah Aston: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: And were you ever neglected left alone to take care of yourself at a developmentally inappropriate age.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you bullied at school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you physically abused.
Saraniah Aston: In school,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, family member, was it. Okay. Was it by a friend, a partner or a stranger.
Saraniah Aston: A trend.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in your history when you were a little girl, where you touched inappropriately. Was there a molestation history with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you a survivor. Are you a survivor of sexual assault like a rape.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was family member from a friend partner stranger.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I'm friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now getting into conduct when this is going back again when you were younger. Did you ever run away from home.
Saraniah Aston: No.
Saraniah Aston: You ever steal. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: skip school
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring a weapon to school.
Saraniah Aston: What's up with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ring a weapon to school.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever set fires.
Saraniah Aston: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: hurt animals were you cruel to animals.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, any binge eating behavior where you kind of
Saraniah Aston: Try and parenting. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And as far as education goes, How far did you get
Saraniah Aston: Um bachelor's degree college
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a high school diploma.
Saraniah Aston: Yes, graduate degree.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said bachelor's, got it. Okay. And are you currently employed.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: full or part time
Saraniah Aston: Full time
Gwenevere Abriel: How long you been working there.
Saraniah Aston: About eight months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do you describe your financial status of stable or unstable.
Saraniah Aston: Stay well, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you identify as bisexual lesbian heterosexual
Saraniah Aston: Or other bisexual.
Saraniah Aston: Single
Gwenevere Abriel: Or multiple partner.
Single
Gwenevere Abriel: And the romantic relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do they have. Okay. In the past, thinking back. Have your romantic relationships included abusive relationships chaotic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or close or all
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one
Saraniah Aston: Close. Close.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I did. They did this one that mix up both the positive and negative. I don't know why they decided to do that I'll never get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but any of those negative ones where there was sort of that controlling any of that sort of abuse of
Saraniah Aston: Peace, definitely.
Out or
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you currently in a relationship.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are divorced. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that you're living with, I think, is it your mom.
Saraniah Aston: Um, yeah, moving out next week.
Saraniah Aston: You have children. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Almost done three more sections hobbies legal history. And then, and then some questions about your goals and we're good to go, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you enjoy doing. What's the hobby that you like.
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Saraniah Aston: art photography
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, art, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you ever been arrested. If so, how many times
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so no rest history. So no open charges and obviously
Saraniah Aston: Nice lifetime history.
Gwenevere Abriel: For us. And when you think of your self esteem right now from zero to 10. What number would you put it out these days.
Saraniah Aston: Seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now into the goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of separating for a second, your goals around a substance use whatever they may be from other personal goals that you may have. When it just comes to kind of why you're here right why you're on the paper. Nothing. What's your goals around substance use.
Saraniah Aston: My goal is
Saraniah Aston: By the beginning of next year, hopefully start tapering off people are clean and getting off of it completely.
Saraniah Aston: But I'm not going to jump into that right now. Not a good time.
Saraniah Aston: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. And then on a more maybe psychological level emotional level interpersonal level.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people it's work related or it's go back to school or it's their eating habits, you know, things like that. What's a goal that you have
Saraniah Aston: I'm
Saraniah Aston: Actually, I want to get more
Saraniah Aston: In shape. So I'll be doing yoga for the first time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. That's fun. I want to get more in shape and then one way is you're adding yoga and that sounds brand new. It's all right.
Saraniah Aston: That's new. Yeah, I'm on the I I eat a ketogenic diet.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long you been doing that.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, a month and a half.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, fantastic. What's a typical work week for you. Do you have some predictability in your work schedule.
Saraniah Aston: Oh,
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, there's predictability and very busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your, what's your work schedule.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I work about six days a week. Um, I usually get started around one o'clock or maybe around noon or 11 1112 one and I finished whenever I am
Saraniah Aston: Working for the day when I'm tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you work.
Saraniah Aston: I own my own business.
Saraniah Aston: I am I am also a posh Mark ambassador. So I do that as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your own business, what's the business.
Saraniah Aston: I saw clothing and jewelry and I'm stylists so I'm personal stylist.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you you do kind of set your own hours and in a lot of ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a look at setting a schedule for these first 30 days.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I do is I meet with clients once a week for individual therapy and then you're also coming in for group. After that you and I talked and we kind of go, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you out with your goal you where you want to be. How are you feeling. What's the next steps we kind of reassess
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why I was asking about your schedule kind of trying to get a sense of what might be good timing. Do you notice that there is a particular date that's better for you.
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Saraniah Aston: No.
Saraniah Aston: Doesn't really matter. Okay.
So it'll be just
Gwenevere Abriel: Finding a spot.
Saraniah Aston: I'm very flexible, so you don't, don't worry about it too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I tend to see people in the first half of the day, only because the second half. I have other obligations outside of Breitbart, so I'm looking
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to assume that you're sleeping in. Once the earliest you be comfortable meeting.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, let's
Do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the earliest that I can make this happen pen and paper handy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course you'll continue to go to growth every week. And if there's ever any issue and really need to switch. Let me know, because I run other groups and I might be able to kind of get you over there, but I do like to know who's going to be there and kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: To know so right now for individual therapy. I have February 24 at 11am
Saraniah Aston: OK.
Saraniah Aston: I went from
Gwenevere Abriel: I just put you on a group day when which use your group.
Saraniah Aston: It's on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I just screwed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't want me seeing people in the same day as group. It was great. When I used to
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do this. Let's go. Tuesday at 11
Saraniah Aston: Oh, okay. So that's the 24th, 25th 25th.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll be in group on Monday. And so I'm making a switch here. I'll have to talk with someone and see if he can move, but I'm pretty sure he's not gonna have a problem with that.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, okay.
Saraniah Aston: Now seven
Gwenevere Abriel: There and I want to make sure I'm saying your name correctly. Let me say it.
Saraniah Aston: Sarin media.
Saraniah Aston: It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but I want to get it right. I'm a mess it up a few times, eventually Sarah Nia Saara like Saren Yes sir, yes sir.
Saraniah Aston: Oh no, I'm really impressed when people actually put the effort in trying to say it's so it's nice. It will take your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really do. I mean, because people mess up going to bear all the time and
Gwenevere Abriel: I get comes a personal kind of piece of identity, it's nice to hear your name said correctly so sorry me so I will work on that. I want to get it right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now is it. Am I, am I hearing correctly that you haven't had psychotherapy to address the OCD and and the PTSD symptoms. Right, I'm
Saraniah Aston: Not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying you
Saraniah Aston: Will Yeah, I just when I divorced my husband, I, I know not Jewish. So the I didn't get the social, health care and more and I didn't have the doctors like to go to the refugee clinic there.
Saraniah Aston: Get medication and I basically was my own doctor for the path for the last like four years now.
Saraniah Aston: So,
Saraniah Aston: And he came here basically to heal. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what we'll do. Okay, now I know you came here because you want to address right this chemical dependence that has developed and all learn more about that from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when I
Gwenevere Abriel: End up doing is I end up treating the trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because right most people end up sort of reaching out for those self medicating behavior because they're trying to self medicate the trauma and the anxiety and the depression and
Gwenevere Abriel: So treat that
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll get your permission and consent meaning. I'll tell you what I'm going to do and I'll offer you sort of education around. And if you want to know about it, if you like, I don't need to hear it. Let's just do it. Then we'll go for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my style tends to be like to prepare and make sure people feel safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Using resourcing techniques and we and we really first start with making sure you can emotionally regulate, you know, using the breath and things like that so
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably the direction will start and you'll just keep talking to me, you know, so far, you've been really Frank you'll tell me you know this and you'll know you're shooting it straight so
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue that and just if anything changes, like if a big feeling happens like a big scary anxiety, depression, starting to kick in. You're welcome to text me I don't do therapy through texting. So it might feel cold because texts can feel cold.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want you all to know you can reach out so that there's never that I feel alone moment.
Saraniah Aston: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What will come back is, do you have time to meet in zoom. That's what you'll hear through text. And what that means is we got to meet in here so I can be helpful inside of the tele health. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, wonderful looking forward to working with you. I'm glad this assessment is a hard one. It's so serious. It's so intense, and now we get to just relax and get to know each other. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking forward to it. So I will see on Monday and in your group, and do I need to message your physician and and tell him.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you need medicine. That's typically people are bridge to this. Oh no, you probably bridge to the first one, so you're probably okay all the way to to group right
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, a doctor amen filled my prescription things. I got a text so
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. And I'll see on Monday.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, thank you. Take care. Bye bye.